we're out here with another piston
creation that I made this time it is a
self repairing house and a self building
house with a roof and bottom floor
amethyst really yeah whatever you get
the picture oh alright so basically we
hit the cobblestone generator here it
pushes it up and get inside there we go
and there are Pistons along the bottom
and underneath this floor there are
Peters all that stuff all the good stuff
and basically it pushes it up this will
build sides one by one and then it
pushes over here and then this patient
pushes it over here pushes them up one
by one over here same thing down over
here but it comes up and then these
missions which run off a separate clucks
I didn't want to wire that clock up here
pushes it forward and then stops here
and then it goes the next one forward
stops four stops and then it finishes
right up there Oh runs off with this
clock right there now let me show you it
in action start that clock
whoops oh crap
I'm so bad at this
there we go all right step how is that
it's just outside for now the timing for
this is incredibly hard because you have
to get make sure that this person is
retracted when that piston extends and
make sure it this is on the thumb those
ones those personal just a little bit
alike there sorry about that goes into
these ones and so let's show you the
roof this side I've always had trouble
with I don't know why but yeah that is
basically it thanks for watching